





Please create a web application that I can run locally on my web browser.
I want the main web page to feature a multimodal LLM service, with a layout comparable to Gemini or ChatGPT or other popular LLMs.
What are the steps you would take to achieve this task?


OK please proceed with all the 5 Milestones


are there alternatives to Gemini and OpenAI that do not require keys, and offer multimodal?


which - among these models - require less than 6GB of VRAM?


OK, pull all 3 and make them available in settings


add a rename button right before the delete button of every chat, and make it possible to edit the name of the chat.


can you add a model preset for LLaMA 3.2-b?


when using llama3.2:3b, if I tick the box for addition MCP tool, and I prompt "what is 1+2?", it should use the MCP Tool?
How to use
Settings: Provider Ollama, Model llama3.2:3b
Right panel → MCP Tools: tick “Add two numbers”
Prompt: “what is 1+2?”
You should get “3” directly from the tool. If you ask something else, it streams from the model.





divide the right column into a top and bottom panes. make the frontier between top and bottom moveable for resizing. Call the top one "MCP agents", and display a list of agents (none for the time being). And the bottom one, call it "Window".... In the Window pane, make a 2D rendered window, and display a rotating triangle for the time being.


Great !
Can you develop an MCP tool that can add 2 numbers?


Rename "MCP agents" into "MCP Tools"..
Can you make that MCP tool available in the list of MCP tools?
By the way, I cannot connect to http://localhost:5173/ anymore....


Create en MCP tools to retrieve the weather information in a specific location mentioned by the user.
From now on, add all new MCP Tools to the list...
Make sure the list can be long, and that - if the list is longer than the space available, a scroll bar appear.
Make sure that in front of the MCP Tool name there is a tick box... when ticked, MCP Tool is active and can be used... when unticked, the MCP Tools cannot be used.  




Now, we are going to implement MCP Tools for GMAIL, so I can ask things like "how many emails did I receive from this person?", "when was the latest email I received from this person?", "what are the most important emails I received today?", "can you list all unread emails by order of importance?".
I want these MCP Tools to be secure, reliable, free and fast. What approach do you suggest?



